Add cursor guidelines for SBT repro automations in self-hosted android pool (#9254)
duckduckgo/Android: .claude/skills/prepare-sbt-repro/SKILL.md

---

> name: prepare-sbt-repro

Reviewer: Can we use a more descriptive name?

> name: prepare-sbt-repro

Author: ```suggestion
name: prepare-site-breakage-triage-repro-build
```

> description: Build, install, launch, screenshot, and cleanup mechanics for SBT live-site reproduction on Cursor self-hosted Android agents in `ddg-native-android`. Use when setting up a device for SBT repro runs.

Reviewer: Is the LLM going to know about the abbreviation?

Author: The back end that runs the automation and sets up the prompt for Cursor gets fed the exact link to the skill, so should be fine. Happy to expand this out with the other change, though.

> description: Build, install, launch, screenshot, and cleanup mechanics for SBT live-site reproduction on Cursor self-hosted Android agents in `ddg-native-android`. Use when setting up a device for SBT repro runs.

Author: ```suggestion
description: Build, install, launch, screenshot, and cleanup mechanics for automated reproduction of site breakage on Cursor self-hosted Android agents in `ddg-native-android`. Use when setting up a device for automated site breakage triage repro runs.
```
